# Capybara::Remote::Viewer

Capybara remote viewer runs a server that provides a navigable browser interface
to the HTML dumps generated by capybara's `save_page` helper. It is especially
useful if you're developing an app on a remote machine or working within a shell
that can't open a browser window on your desktop.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'capybara-remote-viewer'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install capybara-remote-viewer

## Usage

### As a stand-alone binary

Start a server with:
    $ capy-remote

It will start on port 3000 by default and look in the current working directory
(and all subdirectories) for any .html files to serve.

You can specify a path to a directory containing .html files with the -t option.

You can also specify the port with the -p option.

### With foreman

Add a binstub

    $ bundle binstub capybara-remote-viewer

Add a line to your Procfile

    capy: bin/capy-remote -t tmp -p $PORT

### Interface

All files dumped by capybara with the `save_page` method will automatically
appear in the viewer interface as they are generated. No need to refresh!

### Optional capybara configuration

Capybara does not clean up after itself when it dumps html files, so as these
files appear, they will fill up remote viewer's interface with old junk. You can
tell cucumber to clean these up before each run.

In features/support/capybara.rb:

    AfterConfiguration do |config|
      Dir.glob(File.expand_path('../../../tmp/capybara/*', __FILE__)).
        each { |f| FileUtils.rm_f f }
    end

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
